
  
  Program Summary:
  The holiday manager program is designed to accept user input to firstly create Holiday objects and write them to a file.
  The user can then choose from 5 options that manipulate the Holiday objects data file. These options are:
  1. View all holidays - this displays all holiday objects to the console
  2. View holidays in a price range - this allows the user to select a price range and then displays the holidays within that price range to the console
  3. Display the cheapest holiday - the program sorts through all the holiday objects and displays the holiday with the lowest cost
  4. Remove a holiday - this allows the user to select a holiday object by holiday number and the program removes the object from the file once the user exits the program.
  5. Edit holiday details - the user can make changes to all holiday details except for the holiday number. Any changes are saved after the user exits the program.
  6. Add Holiday - I created this function to satisfy the line of the assignment that which states to create Holiday objects and that they must be read in from the keyboard.
  0. Exit - when the user selects this option the object data in memory is saved to the holiday dat. file and the program stops running.
  
  File Input/Output:
  I  chose to handle file input/output using the serialization method. I downloaded the dat. file and the holiday class, imported the appropriate io package to the Holiday class and java file
  and edited the Holiday class to implement the serializable interface. In the holiday manager java file, I created a method loadToFile() which opens an input stream to read binary objects
  from the holidays.dat file. The FileInputStream reads bytes from the file and the ObjectInputStream deserializes the java objects from the bytes. Then the object is read in to the program 
  and stored as an object in the packages arraylist. The saveToFile() method is responsible for re-serializing the objects in the packages arraylist to write them to the holidays.dat file.
  
  Peronal Reflection:
  The most challenging part of the assignment was implementing the reading and writing of objects to and from the holidays.dat file. I ran into some issues trying to get the holiday class 
  file and holidays.dat file to communicate. The error was an InvalidClassException error and from what I could tell, it meant the SerialVersionUID for the class used to write the objects was
  incompatible with the one used to read it. Through some digging on the internet I found a solution: I had to manually set the same SerialVersionUID in the Holiday class that was used when
  the dat. file was first created. The SerialVersionUID was listed as part of the error message and because it was a long number data type I also added 'L' to the end of the number.
  Changing when the program saves the changes to file - instead of having the changes saved after the user chooses to exit the program, the changes could be saved immediately after each 
  change is made. I could do this by adding in the saveToFile() function in options 4 and 5. The advantages to this would be having the dat. file up to date even if the program crashes or the 
  user closes the program without selecting exit (0). If I had a very large dat. file then adding in the autosave feature might make the program sluggish. If a mistake is made there would 
  also be no way to undo the change without manually running the program again and reverting the changes. With all this in mind, I would have liked to add a promt for the user on exit to 
  choose if they want any changes saved and add in the autosave feature but it only saves to a back up dat. file instead of the original file.
  
  Elements Completed:
  All menu elements were completed and include error checking and/or exception handling.
